to the more than 1 million Palestinians
Sheltering in Rafa it must feel like
Israel has already started its promised
Invasion this was a family home hit by
an Israeli air strike on
Sunday for the negotiations issue we
have reached a disappointing stage we're
not hoping for anything our only hope is
God may God help us and rescue us from
this ordeal negotiations for a ceasefire
are at a stalemate Hamas insists on an
end to the war if Israel says it's
willing only to pause the fighting to
secure the release of captives on a
visit to Gaza Israel's defense minister
suggested a major Rafa operation is
coming we identified alarming signs that
Hamas actually does not intend to go
into any agreement with us this means we
will start military actions in Rafa and
the entire Gaza Strip in the very near
future Hamas blames Israel for the
failure to reach a deal so far saying in
a statement the movement affirms its
positive and responsible approach and
his keenness and determination to reach
an agreement that meets the national
demands of our people ends the
aggression completely achieves
withdrawal from the entire Gaza Strip
Returns the displace intensified relief
begins reconstructions and completes the
prisoner exchange deal the United
Nations is warning that any Rafa
incursion would put hundreds of
thousands of lives at risk and be a huge
blow to the aid operations of the entire
G Gaza Strip and Israel has closed the
Kum Abu Salem Crossing into Gaza to Aid
convoys after Hamas fired rockets at
Israeli military station nearby Hamas
representatives are leaving Cairo for
further consultations but they say
they'll be back there on Tuesday and the
cia's director William Burns has arrived
in Doha for an emergency meeting with
katar's prime minister to see if there's
a way of preventing the ceasefire talks
from collapsing Bernard Smith Al jazer
rala the occupi West Bank
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer